reviewer_readme.md, before:

# Introduction

## Reviewing the Intel Android Hub
So you've been chosen to review article submissions from Github for this funky fresh blog. This guide will help you through the things you need to do, in order to accept the article with confidence.

--------

## Glossary

- *Pull Requst (PR)* content submissions from other Github users, most commonly Android Hub Contributors.
- *npm* is a javascript based package manager that installed the Android Hub's dependencies and libraries.
- *bower* is another javascript based package manager focused on client side (browser) based code.
- *Continuous Integration (CI)* is an automated process we've setup that looks at a github code update and runs pre-defined checks and tests. The results of the tests are linked into the Pull Request.
- *[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/)* is an industry standard versioning system that separates "breaking" changes, from "compatible" changes, from "bugfix" changes. This is expressed as 3 numbers separated by a ".". For example, "3.1.4" is the 3rd major version, 1st minor update to the 3rd version, and the 4th patch version to the 1st minor update. We use it to version the site's releases so its clear that new content has been deployed to production.
(note: add integration and production to this list.  move to bottom and reference the relevant terms)
--------

## Setup
  1. Don't know where to start? Reference our helpful Setup Guide.

## Process Overview

![process](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_QVNwYXRydVR6VGs)

--------

### Step 1: Review Open Pull Requests

Open the list of article submissions: https://github.com/intel-android/androidhub/pulls

All submissions history is preserved and openly viewable. Clicking on a pull request (PR) will open that PR's details.

The PR details show you the files changed by the author, the author's commentary, and the pass/fail result of the build test. Review the files changed and follow these simple guidelines:

##### Acceptable Changes:

- `~/data/authors/<author>.yaml`
- anything in their posts folder inside `~/posts/<author>`

Changes to these folders should be considered for approval.

##### Unacceptable Changes:

- `assets` - front end css, js, and images
- `scripts` - support scripts and helpers for the site
- `spec` - testing suite for the site
- `views` - templates for the site

Changes to these folders should be rejected immediately.

###### Tip: [Learn more about pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/#reviewing-the-pull-request) from the masters.

--------

### Step 2: Preview submission
(note - add image of open in github app button)

If you are unsure about the code being merged, you can preview the site locally and click around to ensure everything still works.

--------

### Step 3: Review tests

![failed tests](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_NmpXbDFZMGdIOTg)

Travis CI will _automatically_ trigger jobs that verify that the author's content is sane enough and that the result of the merge will build into a "valid" site. Click on "Details" for more information. We recommend that this only be used as a guide line and not as a definitive solution. Automated test suites can always be better, and reviewers should look at the results of http://int-androidhub.intel.com before pushing that to production.

--------

### Step 4: Accept or Deny

#### Accept

![ready to merge](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_eFVlVktXVXlhUG8)

Discuss the content with the author in the pull request. When you both agree that the content is ready, and Travis CI jobs are green, it is safe to merge. Click the button on the Pull Request page labeled "Merge pull request". This will merge the content into the `master` branch and tell Travis CI to automatically deploy the site to the private Integration envrionment.

#### Deny
![pr comment](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_cGJiaWRwb05Dbzg)

To deny a pull request, click the "Close Pull Request" Button. The author will be notified via email, but we encourage you to also send a message as to why their contribution is not going to be merged into the site.

--------

### Step 5: Auto-Deploy to Integration

![integration site](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_a2I1VU5tUHdMc2c)

https://int-androidhub.intel.com

The above url is the integration site. The username and password for it were given to you by project staff directly. This site is automatically deployed upon a successful merge to the master branch on the github repository.

--------

### Step 6: Release to Production

![release](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_aFRVeUNYQzMyRGs)

We use [Github Releases](https://github.com/blog/1547-release-your-software) to power production deployments. Please click "Create new Release" and fill out the form. Set a semantic version number for the release, a new post should be a "minor" version, and fixes to posts should be a "patch" version increment.

Upon submission, the git repo will be updated with a new tag. Travis CI will pick that up and deploy the result to the production site. The site is now updated on https://androidhub.intel.com

Commit message:

move glossary down and add step 2 content

reviewer_readme.md, after:

# Introduction

## Reviewing the Intel Android Hub
So you've been chosen to review article submissions from Github for this funky fresh blog. This guide will help you through the things you need to do, in order to accept the article with confidence.

--------

## Process Overview

![process](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_QVNwYXRydVR6VGs)

--------

### Step 1: Review Open Pull Requests

Open the list of article submissions: https://github.com/intel-android/androidhub/pulls

![pull requests](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_Q3hRRFVGS2VMWWc)

All submissions history is preserved and openly viewable. Clicking on a pull request (PR) will open that PR's details. Also appearing next to the title of the pull request is either a green checkmark or a red X indicating whether tests have passed.

The PR details show you the files changed by the author, the author's commentary, and the pass/fail result of the build test. Review the files changed and follow these simple guidelines:

##### Acceptable Changes:

- `~/data/authors/<author>.yaml`
- anything in their posts folder inside `~/posts/<author>`

Changes to these folders should be considered for approval.

##### Unacceptable Changes:

- `assets` - front end css, js, and images
- `scripts` - support scripts and helpers for the site
- `spec` - testing suite for the site
- `views` - templates for the site

Changes to these folders should be rejected immediately.

###### Tip: [Learn more about pull requests](https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/#reviewing-the-pull-request) from the masters.

--------

### Step 2: Preview submission

###### Setup

Don't know where to start? Reference our helpful [Setup Guide](readme.md).

###### Preview the submission

1. Click "open this in GitHub Desktop" on the pull request page.
2. Open a Terminal Window by using the menu: Repository > Open in Terminal.
3. type in and run the following command: `roots watch`. This will build the site and open the site in a web browser.
4. Find and Preview the new article and double check author's details.

![open in github](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_a2FUYUFKdHNZSGc)


--------

### Step 3: Review tests

![failed tests](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_NmpXbDFZMGdIOTg)

Travis CI will _automatically_ trigger jobs that verify that the author's content is sane enough and that the result of the merge will build into a "valid" site. Click on "Details" for more information. We recommend that this only be used as a guide line and not as a definitive solution. Automated test suites can always be better, and reviewers should look at the results of http://int-androidhub.intel.com before pushing that to production.

--------

### Step 4: Accept or Deny

#### Accept

![ready to merge](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_eFVlVktXVXlhUG8)

Discuss the content with the author in the pull request. When you both agree that the content is ready, and Travis CI jobs are green, it is safe to merge. Click the button on the Pull Request page labeled "Merge pull request". This will merge the content into the `master` branch and tell Travis CI to automatically deploy the site to the private Integration envrionment.

#### Deny
![pr comment](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_cGJiaWRwb05Dbzg)

To deny a pull request, click the "Close Pull Request" Button. The author will be notified via email, but we encourage you to also send a message as to why their contribution is not going to be merged into the site.

--------

### Step 5: Auto-Deploy to Integration

![integration site](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_a2I1VU5tUHdMc2c)

https://int-androidhub.intel.com

The above url is the integration site. The username and password for it were given to you by project staff directly. This site is automatically deployed upon a successful merge to the master branch on the github repository.

--------

### Step 6: Release to Production

We use [Github Releases](https://github.com/blog/1547-release-your-software) to power production deployments. Please click "Create new Release" and fill out the form. Set a semantic version number for the release, a new post should be a "minor" version, and fixes to posts should be a "patch" version increment.

Upon submission, the git repo will be updated with a new tag. Travis CI will pick that up and deploy the result to the production site. The site is now updated on https://androidhub.intel.com

![release](https://drive.google.com/uc?id=0BwL_X3dS1kN_aFRVeUNYQzMyRGs)

--------

## Glossary

- *Pull Request (PR)* content submissions from other Github users, most commonly Android Hub Contributors.
- *Continuous Integration (CI)* is an automated process we've setup that looks at a github code update and runs pre-defined checks and tests. The results of the tests are linked into the Pull Request.
- *[Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/)* is an industry standard versioning system that separates "breaking" changes, from "compatible" changes, from "bugfix" changes. This is expressed as 3 numbers separated by a ".". For example, "3.1.4" is the 3rd major version, 1st minor update to the 3rd version, and the 4th patch version to the 1st minor update. We use it to version the site's releases so its clear that new content has been deployed to production.
- *Integration Environment* lives at https://int-androidhub.intel.com. After a pull request is merged into github repository, it will be deployed here. Look over the site before releasing to production.
- *Production Environment* lives at https://androidhub.intel.com
